Ques3: Define accessibility in the context of web development. Discuss why it's essential to create accessible websites and how it benefits different user groups.

Sol:

Accessibility in HTML refers to the practice of designing and coding web content in a way that ensures it can be easily accessed, understood, and interacted with by people of diverse abilities, including those with disabilities. 
This includes using semantic markup, providing alternative text for images and videos, and making sure your web pages are navigable using a keyboard.


There are many reasons why we should create accessible websites. Here are some of the important points-
1.Perceivable: "Users must be able to perceive the information being presented (it can't be invisible to all of their senses)."

2.Operable: "Users must be able to operate the interface (the interface cannot require interaction that a user cannot perform)."

3.Understandable: "Users must be able to understand the information as well as the operation of the user interface."

4.Robust: "Users must be able to access the content as technologies advance (as technologies and user agents evolve, the content should remain accessible)."

Benefits to different user groups -

1.Using high-contrast foreground/background colors benefits those with visual impairments, but most other users will also enjoy reading your site without squinting or experiencing eye fatigue.

2.Providing a clear, simple design, including a consistent and intuitive navigational mechanism, benefits a variety of users with disabilities, but the result of doing so is a website where users can easily and efficiently find the information they're looking for. Clearly, this is a benefit to all users.

3.Avoiding flashing animations is necessary because animations that flash at frequencies between 2 and 55 hertz can trigger seizures in individuals who are susceptible. Flashing animations, however, additionally tend to annoy or distract users without seizure disorders.